Removed GetValidator caching to fix concurrency error (#8546)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* (client/keys) [\#8436](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/8436) Fix key migration issue
* (server) [\#8481](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/8481) Don't create
  files when running `{appd} tendermint show-*` subcommands

> * (x/staking) [\#8546](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/8546) Allow GetValidator to be called concurrently

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* (x/staking) [\#8546](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/8546) Fix caching bug where concurrent calls to GetValidator could cause a node to crash
```
